# TensorFlowThesis
Notes for Independent Study Project on TensorFlow

# Dependencies and Tools
In order to run the code, you must have TensorFlow installed locally. The installation instructions can be found at https://www.tensorflow.org/install/ based on the OS of the machine that you are currently using. Additionally, you can clone or fork the repo from GitHub, found at: https://github.com/tensorflow. Either GPU and CPU versions can be installed or just CPU. Note that the GPU and CPU installation will be more computationally expensive and running with multiple threads could be much slower. If you have a slow CPU and low amounts of RAM, this could even drop off to not running at all... For best results, use TensorFlow version >= 0.8. However, there are still quite a few bugs with the 1.0 and 1.1 release builds and so that may also not be a good option if you are unsure of the transition. A big bug of this release is the uncompression of the files. For instance, the typical /scratch folder on a CentOS remote ssh machine can be filled by just installing the build and nothing else. The bulkiness on remote machines is a reported bug and programmers are trying to fix it... hopefully soon. Thus, try installing either version 0.8.n or 0.9.n if possible (though they may also have deprecated in the time frame after their release).

You will also need to have the TSX hardware extension that was released on 4th generation Intel core processors. The header files and tools that can be used to program with this, if your processor is capable of running TSX, can be found at https://github.com/andikleen/tsx-tools. Clone the repo to your local machine and follow the instructions provided in their README. The first thing to do would be to check if your processor is TSX compatible by running the has-tsx.c program given in the home directory of the repo. If the answer is "YES" to both components, then your machine is compatible with TSX and you can begin to run transactional memory programs.
